Why is it a girl?
How could I possibly be a daughter?
Hahaha actually gave birth to a money-losing product.
The family has invested so many resources in you
I didn't know how to have a girl
Since it is a woman
What is the use of Liu Bei if he cannot inherit the position of head of the family?
No.
Hahahahaha boss
I have a boy here.
Just blessed that day
Dragon Roar Hundred Cities must have come with him
Hahahahaha
That's pretty good.
With such an intention, this son must have a bright future
Become an overlord
Will definitely rise in the Lin family
Hahahahaha
In the future, Batian will be the head of the family
Meet the young patriarch and meet the real dragon
My Lin Family True Dragon
Hahahahaha
Beautiful enough
So not into the left hand
treatment
Obey the party
You are in trouble as a family
As long as you are willing to clear the line with this femininity
You can keep your clan identity and see each other
I don't trust
Anyway.
The girl who will only be with my family
I will definitely protect you.
In the heart of the Son of Heaven
You are the golden dragon
What did you do?
You said he was a real dragon
I want him to become a worm
I've shattered my bones
In the future, he will even get out of bed
Hahaha you hahaha
No way.